so that means that even play the whole Bay Area, Hong Kong retail industry is
not enough to get it right, in fact, Hong Kong needs this is the
northern d customers in the year  Yes now
this has been given this Hainan face tax policy to do competition with it.
Now even the island is not good, to why, China is
generally the economy is weak, there is no money thing like this, before this there are
some that is I know a lot of beautiful women,
men understand  Friend, many bosses so first free time to have nothing to do
, take him here to buy something there to buy something so yeah, sometimes and come
down to Hong Kong, those are fine live 4, five thousand dollars of this hotel, so